# call4code2021
Repository for the solution to be listed in the call4code 2021

Here there should be explained the base platform

## Warning 1. Some components of IBM should be used!!. 
* Specifically 'All Submissions must make use of one or more IBM Cloud services or IBM Systems (using public, private, or hybrid models) to be eligible for Prizes.'
+ Here the [list of services available](https://cloud.ibm.com/catalog/)
+ In the submission directory are the options available in the submission form
## Warning 2. Maximum 5 participants per team !!

## Warning 3. The code should be created after the 22nd of March

## Warning 4. It is required a roadmap of the solution presented

Pending tasks
* Sign/accept (I do not how we should do this) the [participation agreement](https://callforcode.org/wp-content/uploads/2021/03/2021-Call-for-Code-Participation-Agreement-v.1.0.pdf)
* Define how the prize will be split between members (for further develop the platform?) 


Evaluation criteria
* Completeness and transferability (5 points)
* Effectiveness and efficiency (5 points)
* Design and usability (5 points)
* Creativity and innovation (5 points)

Submission
* Submission name. The name for your solution or team in five words or less.
  
  Suggestion: 'AI based alert system for water services' 
* Short description. Describe your team’s solution in 10 words or less.
  
The solution help to create AI services for detecting dangerous situation with water data
* Long description. AI based alert system for water services is a platform fo helping on the development of solutions to detect alerts in the water systems. It is fully based on open source technology. The use case is to easy implementation of Artificial intelligence services for water data management. See the aRCHITECTUREIn the presented use case, the laboratory analysis of water are costly and cannot be done frequently. However, sampling certain parameters of water with cheap sensor are more affordable and possible to be done with high frequency (every hour or less). Thus, the system can be trained to detect/prevent out of range values (alerts) due to correlation between the real alerts based on the laboratory analysis and, some of sampled parameters in the water with existing sensors. The platform architecture can be seen here[link to the architecture]. Additionally, the data models (the parameter's names and its data types) are standardized in a open and agile standardization initiative, the [Smart Data Models initiative](https://smartdatamodels.org), allowing its free and open reuse beyond the uses with this platform. The test of the platform has been done in a specific challenge, FIWARE4WARE challenge. This competition challenged data scientists and data analysts to show how real time data can be used to support better water management services through the data generated by digital meters and providing feedback to consumers and water utilities. From the technical point of view the solutions can be used with containers allowing an easier dissemination.  

* Solution roadmap. How mature is your submission and where do you intend to take it from here?
The solution has been tested in a real case scenario in the company [XXX CAP milan use case] with a system . The platform is based on FIWARE solutions a software curated by the non-profit FIWARE Foundation. The European Union endorses the core of this software (the context broker) as a building block for cross-country data services.  
  
Already tested with actual data coming from CAP demo case
* Link to GitHub or another open source code repository such as GitLab or Box. You can provide additional description and diagrams here. Hint: Review the judging criteria and rules: 2021 Call for Code Global Challenge.
  
https://github.com/albertoabellagarcia/call4code2021

* Link to a three-minute demo video. Record a demo of your project, upload it to YouTube or Vimeo, and share the URL.
  
link to the video

* List of IBM Cloud Services or IBM Systems used in the solution.
  
Good question? cloud storage?
* Team captains will need to provide information on up to four additional team members. Each team member will need to accept the Participation Agreement.

Fernando Lopez
Franck Le Gall
Winner of FIWARE4WATER

## Submission form link

[submission link](https://callforcode.org/submit/)